# What-Does-Silicone-Mean
<a href="http://www.goloho-polymer.com/what-does-silicone-mean.html" >What Does Silicone Mean</a> Silicon is a very rich element on the earth, and silicone is the product after the organic silicon is organized. Silicone, also known as silicone or siloxane, is a siloxane organic polymer that is cross-linked by silicon oxide. It has excellent properties not found in general organic polymers such as cold, heat, oxidation and electrical insulation. Since the industrialization in the 1940s, it has developed vigorously, and its application range has gradually deepened from military industry and national defense to various fields of daily life, such as conductive buttons for computers, mobile phones and various electrical keyboards, contact lenses, swimming goggles and swimming caps, children's nipples, glass curtain wall adhesives for high-rise buildings, medical artificial organs, leather, high-grade fabric finishing agents, and silicone oil softeners in advanced shampoos are all inseparable from silicone. It can be said that organosilicon compounds have their place in people's clothing, food, housing, transportation, medical care, beauty, and many aspects of the sea. It has become an indispensable part of people's daily life.   As a leader in new chemical materials, its development is in the ascendant. In view of the application prospects of organic silicon, at the end of the last century, many developed countries have made silicone materials one of the new materials for the development of the new century. Silicone itself is not only a new type of material, but also provides a new material foundation and technical guarantee for the development of related industrial fields. In view of the ever-changing nature of silicone materials, it has the characteristics of "not directly used but widely used", so it has obtained " Industrial MSG, "the catalyst for technological development". In addition to a small number of upstream monomer companies, the silicone industry is a large number of small and medium-sized private enterprises engaged in the production of products and additives. It is believed that with the continuous expansion of China's main board market, there will be a full-fledged silicone enterprise. In the future, the market will show its talents. The understanding is to transform quartz sand into the industrial chain of solar cell wafers. Its main purpose is to produce solar panels. Silicone materials are a wide range of chemical products. The term "silicone product" in the commercial field generally refers to organic compounds containing silicon, polymers and their subsequent processed products.  The silicone polymer has a semi-organic semi-inorganic polymer skeleton and an organic side chain, and such a special polymer structure gives it a series of excellent properties. The material form of silicone materials is various, most of the silicone polymers are resistant to high temperature and low temperature; water and moisture are resistant to weathering; high insulation. Silicone products can be divided into three categories: silicone monomers, silicone polymers, and silane coupling agents. According to the different production and application of products, silicone products can be roughly divided into two categories: upstream products and downstream products. The upstream products are mainly various types of silicone monomers and intermediates, of which the most abundant monomer is methylchlorosilane monomer, followed by phenylchlorosilane monomer. Downstream products are commonly referred to as silicone polymers and silicone synthesis processing aids. The basic structural unit (ie, the main chain) of the silicone product is composed of silicon-oxygen chain links, and the side chains are connected to various other organic groups through silicon atoms. Therefore, in the structure of the silicone product, both the "organic group" and the "inorganic structure" is contained. This special composition and molecular structure make it combine the characteristics of organic matter with the function of inorganic substances and have high resistance. Low temperature, weathering resistance, electrical insulation, ozone resistance, water repellency, flame retardancy, non-toxic, non-corrosive and physiological inertness. Some varieties also have oil, solvent and radiation resistance.   Compared with other polymer materials, the most outstanding properties of rtv grease are excellent temperature resistance, dielectric properties, weather resistance, physiological inertness and low surface tension.
